Barclays Online Banking
How to update your personal details
It's easy to update your personal details
with Barclays Online Banking.
Select 'Profile' from the top of the homepage.
Then 'Contact details' from the
'Personal details' section.
To update your email address or phone number,
scroll down the page.
Enter your new email address
and enter it again to confirm.
Then tap 'Save'.
It's the same process to update your
phone number.
To edit your address, you’ll need your PINsentry device.
This could either be a physical PINSentry,
or mobile PINSentry on the Barclays app.
Select ‘Edit Address’.
Enter your postcode.
Click ‘Search’ and enter your house number
and select your new address.
If you’re happy with the details, click ‘Next’.
Then enter the date you moved into the property.
Please note you should only change
your address once you have moved.
Review the details and if you’re happy, click ‘Next’.
You’ll now need to verify it’s you making this change
by completing PINsentry authentication.
And that's it,
updating your personal details
made easy with Barclays Online Banking.